Hi guys
Let's talk a little bit today about the
role of parents in feeding during the
feeding your children how
they can intervene in a way
positive effect on the child's
different from that of an adult to
child is growing
she needs to receive a diet
balanced and carbohydrate terms
proteins and fats vitamins salts
minerals exactly to that of your
growth is balanced
it is important that this be accompanied
by your doctor
the pediatrician to a fundamental role for
explain to the family because in their
son does not want to eat because his son
that is celebrated generated because your
son just wants to eat junk food
it is fundamental to understand that in the first
year of life the great weight gain of
child and the big gain of stature
confuses parents a little
they believe that the son will continue
in this cagno huge progress of life
only that great gain of the first year
not repeated in the second year as if
you needed a lot of fuel in the
first year and from then on there is
need fuels and physiological
child needing less fuel
it is natural for it to decrease the intake of
foods
if this is well understood by parents if
the pediatrician can pass this type of
information
parents certainly have difficulties with
power will decrease or jump
important because the salt is certainly of
a cumulative effect on the body of the being
human then little salt but beautiful food
It is delicious and as it grows
learning to chew on the gums yet
he will certainly be able to increase
the consistency of the food
making it he is antone of 1 year
old is eating his plate
Just like Mom and Dad's practice.
remember Dad Mom they need
give example
this is like salad as the vegetables
varied as meat like vegetables
this is all possible and the parents
certainly plays a key role in
that your children can receive a
adequate food is adequate and
variable as they need less
Fuel for example the 11 hours
a cookie will surely kill the
this child's lunch and the mother
desperate and tomorrow ends up desperate to
point of many times in those who
impulses of his son
he keeps shouting that he wants to be here
a little potato potato and she did not
What did she do?
she relaxes with meal that should be
the most complete and appropriate
make a potato prof
so it does not rarely get here in the
My mother's mother's office only eats
potato time hernanes or potatoes and
popcorn
consequently I tell her more
who sent to potato popcorn was
I'm going to rethink this and let's go
start rethinking reasoning
of what is the ideal of your child
folks
This was another class from
nutrition see you